what is up guys my name is cartoons and
thank you so much for staying with me
over this past month may has been my
busiest month of school and you guys
know I work really hard for that but
school's over and I am now able to do
daily videos just like last summer I
don't know if you guys were around my
summer to all the new fans welcome but
usually in the summers when I am able to
make a video a day and have a lot of fun
with you guys live stream with you guys
and I've been testing the waters with
that for like the past about a week or
so and things been really good you guys
been really supporting me and I really
appreciate that but yep so my plans for
the summer I want to let you know is
that pretty much i'm going to be doing a
to add a workout plan i'm going to be
laying on the Sun having some good times
outside so I don't you know always get a
kind of stir crazy inside I wanna be
making a video a day for you guys i'm
going to try to live stream everyday i
might not be able to just because live
streaming is very time-consuming and
over time you know you kind of just need
a break so go ahead and bear with me on
that but I do stream on twitch TV /
cartoons live if you guys want to check
that out sometime it's really fun a lot
of streaming is always very interactive
with you guys I love doing that it's
it's a way for me to connect with you
guys as well as my videos but yeah a
video every day if you guys remember me
the old fans thank you so much for
sticking around this is going to be a
great summer man I've got a lot coming
up for you guys there's going to be a
lot of fun but I just want to give you a
quick thank you and shout out I will be
making daily videos from this video on
so let's get to work guys that's about
it for me today but um I have an arena
tomorrow really good arena vs wizard
Cleaves vs wizard cleave I might do a
positioning wizardly video because I've
been getting a lot of questions like how
do you position in arena and stuff like
this but anyways that's it for me today
guys I hope you enjoyed feel free to
give me a thumbs up and show me some
support let's get started for the summer
and let's have some fun I'll see you
live on twitch.tv sauce cartoons live as
well as on this channel feel free to
subscribe so cartoons out
member
Oh
you